I am here.
Chenguang kicked the maid out
Morning light, but I can't bear it.
He is an actress
Dare to pretend to be the president of Jierou Cleaning Company
Do you know how big a company Jierou Cleaning is?
I've checked enough.
Xiaorou is indeed the president of Jierou Cleaning
Impossible. This woman is a maid
Too damn punctual to be president
Working with President Yong Hou is a kind of work
There is no distinction between high and low work
You rich people think you are right
Be a recreational cleaner
Isn't life still a mess?
Don't you have to invite me back to negotiate and sign the contract?
You stinky sweeper, look at this
If you dare to point fingers at him again
I don't go when you know Yuan Kai
You owe the cleaners 2 million
Today I officially inform you on their behalf
Make up the money to me within three days or see you in court
Is there any problem with this lawyer's letter?
Come to the CEO's office of Jierou Cleaning to find it.